Add load case report docs (#3663)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: docs/admin-guide/loading-case.md

```

#### Adding custom reports to the case
A number of case-associated reports (supported formats: HTML, PDF, Excel) can be loaded and displayed/downloaded on the case sidebar page:

<img width="227" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28093618/201290117-33b1ea53-eb8e-4e80-a5df-edba8b6595fe.png">

> While case General report and mtDNA report (the latter only available for non-cancer cases) are generated the moment a user clicks on their link, other types of reports are pre-existing documents that can be associated with the case the moment the case is loaded in Scout (by adding them to the case load config file) or in a second moment, using the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While case General report and mtDNA report (the latter only available for non-cancer cases) are generated the moment a user clicks on their link, other types of reports are pre-existing documents that can be associated with the case immediately when it is loaded in Scout (by adding them to the case load config file) or later, using the command line.
```

Available types or case reports:
- **delivery**: Delivery Report (HTML)
- **cnv**: Copy Number Variants Report (PDF), available only for cancer cases
- **cov_qc**: Coverage QC Report (HTML), available only for cancer cases
- **multiqc**: [MultiQC](https://multiqc.info/) Report (HTML)
- **multiqc_rna**: MultiQC RNA report (HTML)
- **gene_fusion**: A report (PDF) showing gene fusions from RNA-Seq data, analysis limited to the clinical gene list
- **gene_fusion_research**: A report (PDF) showing gene fusions from RNA-Seq data, performed on all genes

All these reports reflect the items present in [this dictionary](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/scout/blob/a494edd64090fd4f613c72308ff5623442792af1/scout/constants/case_tags.py#L4)

Use the following command to load/update a report for a pre-existing case:

```
scout load report -t <report-type>

Usage: scout load report [OPTIONS] CASE_ID REPORT_PATH

  Load a report document for a case.

Options:
  -t, --report-type [delivery|cnv|cov_qc|multiqc|multiqc_rna|gene_fusion|gene_fusion_research]
                                  Type of report  [required]

```

#### Adding custom images to a case

> Scout can display custom images as new panels on the case view or variant view which could be used to display analysis results from a separate pipeline. The custom images are defined in the case config file and stored in the database. Scout currently supports     `gif`, `jpeg`, `png` and `svg` images.

Reviewer: 🔍 💯
